♪ T-E-E-N ♪
♪ T-I-T-A-N-S ♪
♪ Teen Titans, let's go ♪
♪ Teen Titans, go ♪
Anyone gonna get that?
Not me.
- Not me.
- Not the me.
Not me neithers.
Hold up!
Did somebody order pizza?
- Not me.
- Not the me.
- Not me neither.
Wait.
Maybe I did order pizza.
Pizza!
Hello, hello.
Where's the pizza, fool?
I didn't bring pizza.
You are a terrible
pizza delivery man.
I was hoping to see my daughter.
And I was hoping to see the hot discus
of the crust sauce and the cheese!
Is anyone going to
tell Raven I'm here?
Hello, hello.
What do you want, Dad?
Have you forgotten?
Tonight is demon prom.
Not going.
- You must go, Raven.
- No.
But I nominated you
for prom queen!
As my daughter,
you're guaranteed to win.
I don't wanna be prom queen, Dad.
If you don't do this, you'll regret
it for the rest of your eternal life.
Being prom king made me
the demon I am today.
I'd rather just
stay here and read.
Hear me, daughter.
You will go to demon prom
and be crowned prom queen.
Or I will rain fire upon the Earth
until it is but cinder and ash!
Fine.
Good. Now all you need to do is
show up in your most evil dress
with a nice, crude demon boy
and the crown is yours.
Whatever.
You grew up so fast.
Now, go ahead and get ready.
What was all that about, Mama?
My dad is making me
go to demon prom.
Prom?
We loves prom!
Oh, you must bring us
with you, Raven.
Guys, it's not prom.
It's demon prom.
You know, for demons.
If you show up with me,
my dad will be super mad at me.
Oh, hey.
You guys wanna go to demon prom?
Yeah!
Perfect.
Me and Beasty are gonna
hang out by the food,
being cool dudes and saying
hello to the ladies.
That's what's up! Uh!
Robin, I was wondering,
this prom is so important.
I need to have the coolest date.
I'm flattered, Raven, but I
was going to ask Starfire.
Oh. That's cool.
I just thought you'd make
a great prom king.
Prom king.
Kneel, you savages!
Kneel before your king!
Bad news, Star.
I won't be taking you
to demon prom.
That is the fine.
I'm so sorry. This must be the
greatest disappointment of your life.
Not at all.
But don't worry, you'll
find that special someone.
Mmm-hmm.
So brave.
Okay, we better
hurry up and get ready.
Prom night!
All right!
Yeah, boy!
Where are you dorks going?
- Prom, baby!
- What?
About prom.
Um...
Hello, sir. I'm here
to pick Raven up.
I'm her date.
- Raven!
- Be right there.
I don't know what's going on
but I am not going to let
my daughter go out
with someone like you.
Don't worry, sir.
I'm a good boy.
I'll have her home by 7:00 p.m.
And I'll make sure she doesn't
get into any trouble.
That's the problem.
Raven is half demon.
She must stay out past
midnight, revel in mischief,
and possible enslave
another dimension.
I was thinking about maybe
stopping for ice cream afterwards.
You disgust me.
I'm ready.
Milady!
You look stunning.
Raven, your friends can't come.
They're going to ruin
your big night.
Sorry, Dad,
but this is my squad.
Your squad?
This is not a Taylor Swift video.
This is demon prom!
If I'm gonna go, I wanna
be with my friends.
Very well.
It is the more dreary
than I expected.
Yeah, this don't look like
John Hughes kind of situation.
Then I says we get
this party started!
The party has already started.
Now, you will all
stand quietly in a corner
and not jeopardize Raven's
ascension to the prom throne.
- But we wanna...
- Shut up, dork!
Don't worry about him.
You're my squad.
Just be yourself
and have a great time.
All right!
Free food!
Wait. Youse think
this sandwich is vegan?
I don't know, dummy.
Ask the sandwich.
Yo, sandwich, is you vegan?
- Yeah, I'm Vegan.
- Cool.
These are the cool guys
I was telling you about.
Hey. What's up, demon mama?
How you doing?
You tried the food yet?
What are you doing?
Stop that! You're ruining everything!
What's the matter, Starfire?
The demon prom is not the
wonderful place I had imagined.
It is a little gloomy.
Too bad we can't
brighten things up.
Well, I did bring the bag
of the stray kitties.
Well, what are we waiting for?
Let's brighten up this prom.
Oh, come on. Kittens?
This is an outrage.
Greetings, greetings,
one and all
from your future prom king!
Now hear me, peasants!
I demand that you castest
thine votes for us!
Do not boo me.
I am your liege.
Now, I have prepared
a poem for this occasion.
We hate poems!
Stop booing! Stop it!
Bow before me!
Bow before me, knaves, bow!
He's my date.
Your squad is humiliating you.
Oh. Guess I won't be
prom queen after all.
Raven, don't throw
this opportunity away.
This is what's best for you.
It's best for you, Dad.
You never think about
anyone but yourself.
Shut up, dork.
What's gotten you down, pops?
Raven was a shoe-in for prom queen
until you all embarrassed her.
All I wanted was for my
little girl to have a moment
where she could see how much
everyone loves her, including me.
But she always
thinks she knows what's best.
We did not realize we were ruining friend
Raven's chance to be the queen of the proms.
Well, you did.
You guys are dorks.
There's gotta be something that
we can do to get her that crown.
We'll have to find a way
to win over the crowd.
Don't worry, guys.
I got this.
Yo, demons!
We just gots one thing to say.
♪ Straight outta Azarath ♪
♪ Crazy high female named ♪
♪ Raven, prom queen of the evening ♪
♪ Best believe your little boy that's green ♪
♪ Mama Raven ♪
♪ For prom queen ♪
♪ Prom queen ♪
♪ Prom-prom queen ♪
♪ Mama Raven ♪
♪ For prom queen ♪
♪ Prom queen ♪
♪ Prom-prom queen ♪
♪ Mama Raven ♪
♪ For prom queen ♪
♪ Prom queen ♪
♪ Prom-prom queen ♪
♪ Mama Raven ♪
♪ For prom queen! ♪
Ladies and gentlemen,
here to announce the winners
of demon prom king and queen
is the one and only
lord of madness,
the world ravager,
the soul devourer.
Put your hands together
for the almighty Trigon!
And this year's demon
prom king and queen are...
Hold on, let me get my glasses.
Please be me, please be me, please be me.
Robin and Raven!
Yes, yes, yes!
I've been waiting for this my whole life!
Kneel, peasants! Kneel!
- No!
- You should be the happy.
Yeah, your pops is right, yo.
Youse gonna look back on this day and
remembers how much everybody loves you.
You think that's what demon
prom is about? Making memories?
It's about deciding who's
gonna rule the underworld
for the next millennium,
you dorks!
That's right.
Finally, my evil little buttercup
will be where she belongs.
Come on, let's go.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm the prom queen.
Obey the prom queen!
Why do you refuse your destiny?
My destiny is my choice!
See you at demon graduation!
Sorrys we almost made you the
queen of the underworlds, Mama.
Honestly, I don't know why
we keep trusting your dad.
It is because we are
the easily manipulated.
It's cool.
Hey, where's Robin?
Best prom ever!
Shut up, dork.